README.md, before:

# Lacework Go SDK

This repository provides a Go API client, tools, libraries, relevant documentation, code
samples, processes, and/or guides that allow developers to interact with Lacework.

## API Client ([`api`](api/))

A Golang API client for interacting with the [Lacework API](https://support.lacework.com/hc/en-us/categories/360002496114-Lacework-API-).

### Basic Usage
```go
import (
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/lacework/go-sdk/api"
)

lacework, err := api.NewClient("account")
if err == nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

tokenRes, err := lacework.GenerateTokenWithKeys("KEY", "SECRET")
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

// Output: YOUR-ACCESS-TOKEN
fmt.Println(tokenRes.Token())
```
Look at the [api/](api/) folder for more documentation.

## Lacework CLI ([`cli`](cli/))

_(work-in-progress)_ The Lacework Command Line Interface.

### Basic Usage

Today, you have to first build the CLI by running `make build-cli`, then you will be
able to execute it directly:
```
$ make build-cli
$ ./bin/lacework-cli
```

## License and Copyright
Copyright 2020, Lacework Inc.
```
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

feat(cli): Installation scripts and documentation 🎉
Signed-off-by: Salim Afiune Maya <afiune@lacework.net>

README.md, after:

# Lacework Go SDK

This repository provides a Go API client, tools, libraries, relevant documentation, code
samples, processes, and/or guides that allow developers to interact with Lacework.

## API Client ([`api`](api/))

A Golang API client for interacting with the [Lacework API](https://support.lacework.com/hc/en-us/categories/360002496114-Lacework-API-).

### Basic Usage
```go
import (
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/lacework/go-sdk/api"
)

lacework, err := api.NewClient("account")
if err == nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

tokenRes, err := lacework.GenerateTokenWithKeys("KEY", "SECRET")
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

// Output: YOUR-ACCESS-TOKEN
fmt.Println(tokenRes.Token())
```
Look at the [api/](api/) folder for more documentation.

## Lacework CLI ([`cli`](cli/))

The Lacework Command Line Interface.

### Basic Usage

Build and install the CLI by running `make install-cli`, the automation will
ask you to update your `PATH` environment variable to execute the compiled
`lacework-cli` binary.
```
$ make install-cli

# Make sure to update your PATH with the command provided from the above command

$ lacework-cli help
```
Look at the [cli/](cli/) folder for more documentation.

## License and Copyright
Copyright 2020, Lacework Inc.
```
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
