cli/docs/lacework_api.md, before:

## lacework api

helper to call Lacework's API

### Synopsis

Use this command as a helper to call any available Lacework API v1 & v2 endpoint.

== For APIv1 ==

To list all integrations configured in your account:

    lacework api get /v1/external/integrations

For a complete list of available API v1 endpoints visit:

    https://<ACCOUNT>.lacework.net/api/v1/external/docs

== For APIv2 ==

To list all available Lacework schema types:

    lacework api get /v2/schemas

For a complete list of available API v2 endpoints visit:

    https://<ACCOUNT>.lacework.net/api/v2/docs


```
lacework api <method> <path> [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --data string   data to send only for post and patch requests
  -h, --help          help for api
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework](lacework.md)	 - A tool to manage the Lacework cloud security platform.

Commit message:

feat: Auto docs generation for the Lacework CLI (#616)
* feat: add headers to CLI documentation
* chore: ran make generate-docs
* docs: add line after injecting headers
* docs(cli): multiple style corrections
* feat(cli): add docs command to auto generate docs
* docs: Updating support links to docs.lacework.com
* docs: remove title from markdown files
* docs: last updates before releasing

Signed-off-by: Salim Afiune Maya <afiune@lacework.net>
Co-authored-by: Ben Radstone <ben.radstone@lacework.net>

cli/docs/lacework_api.md, after:

---
title: "lacework api"
slug: lacework_api
---

## lacework api

helper to call Lacework's API

### Synopsis

Use this command as a helper to call any available Lacework API v1 & v2 endpoint.

### For APIv1

To list all integrations configured in your account:

    lacework api get /v1/external/integrations

For a complete list of available API v1 endpoints visit:

    https://<ACCOUNT>.lacework.net/api/v1/external/docs

### For APIv2

To list all available Lacework schema types:

    lacework api get /v2/schemas

For a complete list of available API v2 endpoints visit:

    https://<ACCOUNT>.lacework.net/api/v2/docs


```
lacework api <method> <path> [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --data string   data to send only for post and patch requests
  -h, --help          help for api
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework](lacework.md)	 - A tool to manage the Lacework cloud security platform.
