cli/docs/lacework_generate_cloud-account_azure.md, before:

---
title: "lacework generate cloud-account azure"
slug: lacework_generate_cloud-account_azure
hide_title: true
---

## lacework generate cloud-account azure

Generate and/or execute Terraform code for Azure integration

### Synopsis

Use this command to generate Terraform code for deploying Lacework into new Azure environment.

By default, this command will function interactively, prompting for the required information to setup the new cloud account. In interactive mode, this command will:
		
* Prompt for the required information to setup the integration
* Generate new Terraform code using the inputs
* Optionally, run the generated Terraform code:
  * If Terraform is already installed, the version will be confirmed suitable for use
	* If Terraform is not installed, or the version installed is not suitable, a new version will be installed into a temporary location
	* Once Terraform is detected or installed, Terraform plan will be executed
	* The command will prompt with the outcome of the plan and allow to view more details or continue with Terraform apply
	* If confirmed, Terraform apply will be run, completing the setup of the cloud account


```
lacework generate cloud-account azure [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --activity_log                           enable active log integration
      --activity_log_integration_name string   specify a custom activity log integration name
      --ad_create                              create new active directory integration (default true)
      --ad_id string                           existing active directory application id
      --ad_pass string                         existing active directory application password
      --ad_pid string                          existing active directory application service principle id
      --all_subscriptions subscription ids     grant read access to ALL subscriptions within Tenant (overrides subscription ids)
      --configuration                          enable configuration integration
      --configuration_name string              specify a custom configuration integration name
      --existing_storage                       use existing storage account
  -h, --help                                   help for azure
      --location string                        specify azure region where storage account logging resides
      --management_group                       management group level integration
      --management_group_id string             specify management group id. Required if mgmt_group provided
      --output string                          location to write generated content (default is ~/lacework/azure)
      --storage_account_name string            specify storage account name
      --storage_resource_group string          specify storage resource group
      --subscription_ids strings               list of subscriptions to grant read access; format is id1,id2,id3
      --terraform-apply                        run terraform apply for the generated hcl
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework generate cloud-account](lacework_generate_cloud-account.md)	 - Generate cloud integration IaC

Commit message:

release: v1.13.2 (#1181)
Signed-off-by: Lacework <tech-ally@lacework.net>

cli/docs/lacework_generate_cloud-account_azure.md, after:

---
title: "lacework generate cloud-account azure"
slug: lacework_generate_cloud-account_azure
hide_title: true
---

## lacework generate cloud-account azure

Generate and/or execute Terraform code for Azure integration

### Synopsis

Use this command to generate Terraform code for deploying Lacework into new Azure environment.

By default, this command will function interactively, prompting for the required information to setup the new cloud account. In interactive mode, this command will:
		
* Prompt for the required information to setup the integration
* Generate new Terraform code using the inputs
* Optionally, run the generated Terraform code:
  * If Terraform is already installed, the version will be confirmed suitable for use
	* If Terraform is not installed, or the version installed is not suitable, a new version will be installed into a temporary location
	* Once Terraform is detected or installed, Terraform plan will be executed
	* The command will prompt with the outcome of the plan and allow to view more details or continue with Terraform apply
	* If confirmed, Terraform apply will be run, completing the setup of the cloud account


```
lacework generate cloud-account azure [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --activity_log                           enable active log integration
      --activity_log_integration_name string   specify a custom activity log integration name
      --ad_create                              create new active directory integration (default true)
      --ad_id string                           existing active directory application id
      --ad_pass string                         existing active directory application password
      --ad_pid string                          existing active directory application service principle id
      --all_subscriptions subscription ids     grant read access to ALL subscriptions within Tenant (overrides subscription ids)
      --configuration                          enable configuration integration
      --configuration_name string              specify a custom configuration integration name
      --existing_storage                       use existing storage account
  -h, --help                                   help for azure
      --location string                        specify azure region where storage account logging resides
      --management_group                       management group level integration
      --management_group_id string             specify management group id. Required if mgmt_group provided
      --output string                          location to write generated content (default is ~/lacework/azure)
      --storage_account_name string            specify storage account name
      --storage_resource_group string          specify storage resource group
      --subscription_id string                 specify the Azure Subscription ID to be used to provision Lacework resources
      --subscription_ids strings               list of subscriptions to grant read access; format is id1,id2,id3
      --terraform-apply                        run terraform apply for the generated hcl
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework generate cloud-account](lacework_generate_cloud-account.md)	 - Generate cloud integration IaC
