cli/docs/lacework_vulnerability_container_list-assessments.md, before:

---
title: "lacework vulnerability container list-assessments"
slug: lacework_vulnerability_container_list-assessments
hide_title: true
---

## lacework vulnerability container list-assessments

List container vulnerability assessments (default last 7 days)

### Synopsis

List all container vulnerability assessments for the last 7 days by default, or
pass --start and --end to specify a custom time range. You can pass --fixable to
filter on containers with vulnerabilities that have fixes available.

```
lacework vulnerability container list-assessments [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --csv                  output vulnerability assessment in CSV format
      --end string           end of the time range in UTC (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ)
      --fixable              only show fixable vulnerabilities
  -h, --help                 help for list-assessments
      --registry strings     filter assessments for specific registries
  -r, --repository strings   filter assessments for specific repositories
      --start string         start of the time range in UTC (format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework vulnerability container](lacework_vulnerability_container.md)	 - Vulnerability assessment for containers

Commit message:

release: v1.7.0 (#1125)
Signed-off-by: Lacework <tech-ally@lacework.net>

cli/docs/lacework_vulnerability_container_list-assessments.md, after:

---
title: "lacework vulnerability container list-assessments"
slug: lacework_vulnerability_container_list-assessments
hide_title: true
---

## lacework vulnerability container list-assessments

List container vulnerability assessments (default last 24 hours)

### Synopsis

List all container vulnerability assessments for the last 24 hours by default.

To customize the time range use use '--start', '--end', or '--range'.

The start and end times can be specified in one of the following formats:

    A. A relative time specifier
    B. RFC3339 date and time
    C. Epoch time in milliseconds

Or use a natural time range like.

    lacework vuln container list --range yesterday

The natural time range of 'yesterday' would represent a relative start time of '-1d@d'
and a relative end time of '@d'.

You can also pass '--fixable' to filter on containers with vulnerabilities that have
fixes available, or '--active' to filter on container images actively running in your
environment.

```
lacework vulnerability container list-assessments [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --active               only show vulnerabilities of packages actively running in your environment
      --csv                  output vulnerability assessment in CSV format
      --end string           end of the time range (default "now")
      --fixable              only show fixable vulnerabilities
  -h, --help                 help for list-assessments
      --range string         natural time range for query
      --registry strings     filter assessments for specific registries
  -r, --repository strings   filter assessments for specific repositories
      --start string         start of the time range (default "-24h")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -a, --account string      account subdomain of URL (i.e. <ACCOUNT>.lacework.net)
  -k, --api_key string      access key id
  -s, --api_secret string   secret access key
      --api_token string    access token (replaces the use of api_key and api_secret)
      --debug               turn on debug logging
      --json                switch commands output from human-readable to json format
      --nocache             turn off caching
      --nocolor             turn off colors
      --noninteractive      turn off interactive mode (disable spinners, prompts, etc.)
      --organization        access organization level data sets (org admins only)
  -p, --profile string      switch between profiles configured at ~/.lacework.toml
      --subaccount string   sub-account name inside your organization (org admins only)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [lacework vulnerability container](lacework_vulnerability_container.md)	 - Vulnerability assessment for containers
